Internal precompile binaries hook (#22)
bitcoindevkit/bdk-dart: docs/precompiled_binaries.md

# Precompiled binaries (maintainers)

This document describes how precompiled binaries are built, signed, and published for the plugin.

## Overview

- CI builds and uploads precompiled binaries via `.github/workflows/precompile_binaries.yml`.
- Artifacts are tagged by the crate hash and uploaded to a GitHub release.
- Each binary is signed with an Ed25519 key; the public key is embedded in `pubspec.yaml`.

> - The build hook tries to download a verified binary first and falls back to a local build if needed.

Reviewer: The doc says ‘download verified binary first and fall back’; should we note that mode: always is intended to disable fallback (once that behavior is enforced), or explicitly call out the rustup heuristic for auto?

```

It currently builds macOS/iOS and Android targets.

## Release expectations

- The workflow creates/releases a GitHub release named `precompiled_<crateHash>` where `<crateHash>` comes from the verified crate sources and config.
- If the release already exists, the workflow uploads missing assets without rebuilding anything already present.
- If `gh release view precompiled_<crateHash>` fails locally, rerun `dart run bin/build_tool.dart precompile-binaries ...` with the same crate hash to recreate or update the release.

## How the download works

- The crate hash is computed from the Rust crate sources plus the plugin's `precompiled_binaries` config.
- The release tag is `precompiled_<crateHash>`.
- Assets are named `<targetTriple>_<libraryFileName>` with a matching `.sig` file.
- Each binary is paired with the `.sig` file that the hook uses to verify the download before applying it.
- The hook chooses the correct `lib$cratePackage` (or `lib$cratePackage.so`) artifact by matching the target triple and link mode from the Dart build config.
- On build, the hook downloads the signature and binary, verifies it, then places it in the build output.

> - If any step fails (missing asset, bad signature), the hook builds locally via the standard build hook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If any step fails (missing asset, bad signature), behavior depends on the configured mode: `auto` falls back to building locally via the standard build hook, while `always` throws an exception.
```
